README.md, before:

# ITCS5152-REACT-Project
Semester project for ITCS 4102/5102.

A website for Charlotte Area Robotics built using REACT, TypeScript, and Sass.

## Group Members

  Matt Wells - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mwells21/)
  
  Ashley Harmon - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashleyharmon00/)
  
  Pedro Millan - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pmillan06/)
  
  Teng Lee - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/teng-lee-5323a0162/)
  
## About the Project

Charlotte Area Robotics (an UNCC Student Organization) was in need of a website, and a group of students were in need of a semester project. The two groups joined forces where CAR would be rewarded with a brand new, from scratch, beautiful website and the group of students would walk away with an introductory understanding of a modern, very popular interface development framework.

The website can be found [here](http://car-robotics.s3-website.us-east-2.amazonaws.com).

The website is being hosted on Amazon S3 as a static website.

For questions about this project, feel free to reach out to Matt.
  
## Learn More

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Literally so much (#2)
* MuiTheme change

* Attempt at dynamic sizing

* Mobile improvements:
Decresed size of hamburger menu
Mission card scales with page
About page works in mobile now
Sidebar closes on selection

* Removed unnecessary images

* Routing is now down internally instead of through browser, page transition animations!, cleaned up console errors, added emojis!, added document title to pages missing it

* Slideshow is now flexed and animated. Moved utility files into utility folder and update imports

* Better animations?

* Refactored Divider to GoldDivider, Sponsors be flexing, Sponsor cards animated

* Outreach page cleansed, console errors removed, still annoying scroll issue

* Back to routing I guess?

* Competition cleanup and Background refactor

* Removed unecessary index.scss stuff, competition and outreach nicely animated, outreach tweaked, scroll to top fixed

* Fix top of page spacing to be consisten

* Update readme

README.md, after:

# Charlotte Area Robotics Website
A website for Charlotte Area Robotics built using ReactJS, TypeScript, Sass, NodeJs (with npm), and Material-UI.

This website started as a semester long project. Find the repo for that project [here](https://github.com/mattwells19/Quick-REACTions)

## Developer

  Matt Wells - [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mwells21/)

## About the website

This website was built from scratch from the ground up using create-react-app. No template or previous code used. The site is built in [ReactJs](https://reactjs.org/) using [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) as the transpiler, and [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) for styling. [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/), along with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), were used during development to run the website locally and for the use of pre-existing packages. Finally, [Material-UI](https://material-ui.com/) was used for stylized components.

## Open Source

Yes all the code for the website is open source. You are encouraged to fork this repo and modify the code to make your own React website.

With that being said, if you do use this repo as a base, please include this repo and myself in your README for your project. Reach out to me if you would like as well! I'd love to see what you have created using what is here.

## How to Run

You will need:
  * NodeJS
  * An IDE (I highly recommend [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/))

1. Clone this repo and open in your IDE.

2. Run `npm install` to install all of the node packages used during development.

3. Run `npm start` to start the web server. This should open a new window in your default browser. It will take some time to compile, be patient.

## Learn More

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
